[Music]
[Music] hear the word of the Lord thus says the
hear the word of the Lord thus says the
hear the word of the Lord thus says the Lord tomorrow about this time
Lord tomorrow about this time
Lord tomorrow about this time ASEA of fine flour shall be sold for a
ASEA of fine flour shall be sold for a
ASEA of fine flour shall be sold for a shekel and two seers of barley for a
shekel and two seers of barley for a
shekel and two seers of barley for a shekel at the gate of Samaria so an
shekel at the gate of Samaria so an
shekel at the gate of Samaria so an officer on whose hand the King leaned
officer on whose hand the King leaned
officer on whose hand the King leaned answered the man of God look if the Lord
answered the man of God look if the Lord
answered the man of God look if the Lord would make Windows in heaven
would make Windows in heaven
would make Windows in heaven could this thing be in fact you shall
could this thing be in fact you shall
could this thing be in fact you shall see it with your eyes but you shall not
see it with your eyes but you shall not
see it with your eyes but you shall not eat of it now there were four letras men
eat of it now there were four letras men
eat of it now there were four letras men at the entrance of the gate and they
at the entrance of the gate and they
at the entrance of the gate and they said to one another why are we sitting
said to one another why are we sitting
said to one another why are we sitting here until we die if we say we will
here until we die if we say we will
here until we die if we say we will enter the city the famine is in the city
enter the city the famine is in the city
enter the city the famine is in the city and we shall die there and if we sit
and we shall die there and if we sit
and we shall die there and if we sit here read I also now
here read I also now
here read I also now come let us surrender to the army of the
come let us surrender to the army of the
come let us surrender to the army of the Syrians if they keep us alive we shall
Syrians if they keep us alive we shall
Syrians if they keep us alive we shall live and if they kill us we shall only
live and if they kill us we shall only
live and if they kill us we shall only die and they rose a twilight to go to
die and they rose a twilight to go to
die and they rose a twilight to go to the camp of the Syrians and when they
the camp of the Syrians and when they
the camp of the Syrians and when they had come to the outskirts of the Syrian
had come to the outskirts of the Syrian
had come to the outskirts of the Syrian camp to their surprise no one was there
camp to their surprise no one was there
camp to their surprise no one was there for the Lord had caused the army of the
for the Lord had caused the army of the
for the Lord had caused the army of the Syrians to hear the noise of chariots
Syrians to hear the noise of chariots
Syrians to hear the noise of chariots and the noise of horses the noise of a
and the noise of horses the noise of a
and the noise of horses the noise of a great army so they said to one another
great army so they said to one another
great army so they said to one another look the king of Israel has hired
look the king of Israel has hired
look the king of Israel has hired against us the kings of the Hittites and
against us the kings of the Hittites and
against us the kings of the Hittites and the kings of the Egyptians to attack us
the kings of the Egyptians to attack us
the kings of the Egyptians to attack us therefore they arose and fled at
therefore they arose and fled at
therefore they arose and fled at Twilight and left the camp intact their
Twilight and left the camp intact their
Twilight and left the camp intact their tents their horses and their donkeys and
tents their horses and their donkeys and
tents their horses and their donkeys and they fled for their lives
they fled for their lives
they fled for their lives and when these lepers came to the
and when these lepers came to the
and when these lepers came to the outskirts of the camp they went into one
outskirts of the camp they went into one
outskirts of the camp they went into one tent and ate and drank and carried from
tent and ate and drank and carried from
tent and ate and drank and carried from its silver and gold and clothing and
its silver and gold and clothing and
its silver and gold and clothing and went and hid them and they came back and
went and hid them and they came back and
went and hid them and they came back and entered another tent and carried some
entered another tent and carried some
entered another tent and carried some from there also and went and hid it then
from there also and went and hid it then
from there also and went and hid it then they said to one another we are not
they said to one another we are not
they said to one another we are not doing right this day is a day of good
doing right this day is a day of good
doing right this day is a day of good news and we remain silent if we wait
news and we remain silent if we wait
news and we remain silent if we wait until morning light
until morning light
until morning light some punishment will come upon us now
some punishment will come upon us now
some punishment will come upon us now therefore come let us go and tell the
therefore come let us go and tell the
therefore come let us go and tell the king's household so they went and called
king's household so they went and called
king's household so they went and called to the gatekeepers of the city and told
to the gatekeepers of the city and told
to the gatekeepers of the city and told them we went to the Syrian camp and
them we went to the Syrian camp and
them we went to the Syrian camp and surprisingly no one was there not a
surprisingly no one was there not a
surprisingly no one was there not a human sound only horses and donkeys tied
human sound only horses and donkeys tied
human sound only horses and donkeys tied and the tents intact and the gatekeepers
and the tents intact and the gatekeepers
and the tents intact and the gatekeepers called out and they told it to the Kings
called out and they told it to the Kings
called out and they told it to the Kings household inside so the king arose in
household inside so the king arose in
household inside so the king arose in the night and said to his servants let
the night and said to his servants let
the night and said to his servants let me now tell you what the Syrians have
me now tell you what the Syrians have
me now tell you what the Syrians have done to us they know that we are hungry
done to us they know that we are hungry
done to us they know that we are hungry therefore they have gone out of the camp
therefore they have gone out of the camp
therefore they have gone out of the camp to hide themselves in the field saying
to hide themselves in the field saying
to hide themselves in the field saying when they come out of the city we shall
when they come out of the city we shall
when they come out of the city we shall catch them alive and get into the city
catch them alive and get into the city
catch them alive and get into the city and one of his servants answered please
and one of his servants answered please
and one of his servants answered please let several men take five of the
let several men take five of the
let several men take five of the remaining horses which are left in the
remaining horses which are left in the
remaining horses which are left in the city look they may either become like
city look they may either become like
city look they may either become like all the multitude of Israel that are
all the multitude of Israel that are
all the multitude of Israel that are left in it or indeed I say they may
left in it or indeed I say they may
left in it or indeed I say they may become like all the multitude of Israel
become like all the multitude of Israel
become like all the multitude of Israel left from those who are consumed so let
left from those who are consumed so let
left from those who are consumed so let us send them and see
us send them and see
us send them and see therefore they took two chariots with
therefore they took two chariots with
therefore they took two chariots with horses and the king sent them in the
horses and the king sent them in the
horses and the king sent them in the direction of the Syrian army go and see
direction of the Syrian army go and see
direction of the Syrian army go and see and they went after them to the Jordan
and they went after them to the Jordan
and they went after them to the Jordan and indeed all the road was full of
and indeed all the road was full of
and indeed all the road was full of garments and weapons which the Syrians
garments and weapons which the Syrians
garments and weapons which the Syrians had thrown away in their haste so the
had thrown away in their haste so the
had thrown away in their haste so the messengers returned and told the king
messengers returned and told the king
messengers returned and told the king then the people went out and plundered
then the people went out and plundered
then the people went out and plundered the tents of the Syrians so a seer of
the tents of the Syrians so a seer of
the tents of the Syrians so a seer of fine flour was sold for a shekel and two
fine flour was sold for a shekel and two
fine flour was sold for a shekel and two seers of barley for a shekel according
seers of barley for a shekel according
seers of barley for a shekel according to the word of the Lord
to the word of the Lord
to the word of the Lord now the king had appointed the officer
now the king had appointed the officer
now the king had appointed the officer on whose hand he leaned to have charge
on whose hand he leaned to have charge
on whose hand he leaned to have charge of the gate but the people trampled him
of the gate but the people trampled him
of the gate but the people trampled him in the gate and he dived just as the man
in the gate and he dived just as the man
in the gate and he dived just as the man of God had said who spoke when the king
of God had said who spoke when the king
of God had said who spoke when the king came down to him so it happened just as
came down to him so it happened just as
came down to him so it happened just as the man of God had spoken to the king
the man of God had spoken to the king
the man of God had spoken to the king two seers of barley for a shekel and
two seers of barley for a shekel and
two seers of barley for a shekel and Assia of fine flour for a shekel shall
Assia of fine flour for a shekel shall
Assia of fine flour for a shekel shall be sold tomorrow about this time in the
be sold tomorrow about this time in the
be sold tomorrow about this time in the gate of Samaria then that officer had
gate of Samaria then that officer had
gate of Samaria then that officer had answered the man of God now look if the
answered the man of God now look if the
answered the man of God now look if the Lord would make Windows in heaven
Lord would make Windows in heaven
Lord would make Windows in heaven could such a thing be and he had said in
could such a thing be and he had said in
could such a thing be and he had said in fact you shall see it with your eyes but
fact you shall see it with your eyes but
fact you shall see it with your eyes but you shall not eat of it and so it
you shall not eat of it and so it
you shall not eat of it and so it happened to him for the people trampled
happened to him for the people trampled
happened to him for the people trampled him and the gate and he died
him and the gate and he died
him and the gate and he died [Music]